bpo-38673: dont switch to ps2 if the line starts with comment or whitespace (#17421)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2019-12-01-00-17-44.bpo-38673.K_Tze-.rst

> In REPL, dont switch to PS2 if the line starts with comment or whitespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In REPL mode, don't switch to PS2 if the line starts with comment or whitespace. Patch by Batuhan Taşkaya.
```

Author: Thanks
